{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22020\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Collaborators: Shagun Bose and Sahaj Somani \
  Shagun Bose: 29960170; Lab TR 11:05-12:20\
  Sahaj Somani: 29999484; Lab TR 6:15-7:30\
\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2 \
\

\fs26 \cf0 Project 4
\fs22 \
\
\ul Specifics:\ulnone \
The game is a classic brick breaker game with a few features to make it more exciting. It consists of 4 classes- brick, game, sound, and main. All necessary information is provided in the comments in all classes\cf2 . \cf3 However, here are the few basic things you shall know:\
1. To start the game you need to press either of the arrow keys.\
2. The blue(cyan) bricks are persistent bricks and will turn into normal(white) bricks if hit once.\
3. Score increments by 5 every time the ball hits the brick. So make a white break disappear gives you 5 total, whereas making a cyan brick gives you 10 total.\
4. The background music starts playing as soon as the game starts.\
5. There are also other sounds which play when the ball touches the bricks or the user wins or loses the game. The background music is stopped when the user wins or loses the game, but not when the ball touches the brick.\
6. Pressing the spacebar pauses the game. To resume, press either of the arrow keys.\
7. To restart the game after winning or losing, press enter.\
\
\ul Extra Credit:\ulnone \
1. Persistent bricks which turn white when hit once and disappear when hit twice.\
2. The pause feature (it comes in really handy)!\
3. The score count.\
4. Paddle control. The paddle is controlled so that it does not move out of the screen.\
5. The different kinds of sounds. To enrich the user experience, four different sounds are added.\
a) Ping sound: This sound is for when the ball hits the brick.\
b) Background music: The background is set to Hymn for the Weekend by Coldplay.\
c) Failure music: This sound is for when the user loses the round. (my personal favourite)\
d) Sparkle music: This sound is for when the user wins the round.\
\
This is all you need to know about the game! Hope you like it!}